dear backers we're just days away from
the close of our slide and clutch
campaign we cannot wait to get these
products into your hand I want to
introduce to you two more projects that
we've been working on capture by no and
shell capture by no or the by no kit
will allow you to rigidly clip a pair of
binoculars to any belt strap or tripod
she'll is an ultra light durable
weatherproof camera cover that stands on
its own or beautifully integrates with
the capture system the peak design
community has been asking for these two
products for years and it didn't fall on
deaf ears we're going to use this
Kickstarter as a way of launching them
to early adopters these two products are
not yet complete by nose design is
finished and being tool shell has been
thoroughly prototype and is approaching
production once we finalize materials
and size this means that these two
products will fulfil separately from the
rest of this Kickstarter that also means
that we are less certain of when that
fulfillment will be
if you're going to back these new
products you'll have to be patient with
us in watching their production evolve
as always we will be transparent in our
progress our pitfalls and our process
but I want to reiterate that you'll be
putting money down now based on concepts
that will evolve over time what you'll
get in return is being the first owners
of these products getting them at a
significant discount and you'll be
helping us create solutions that
optimize your needs so if you've got a
cousin who's a birder or a hunter and
peak design didn't make much sense to
them before tell him about it now we're
excited to be expanding into these new
markets and we know that this is the
community that can help us do it we are
as grateful as ever for your enduring
support thank you
you